alright so we got our water gimmick set
into place and this is where the water
is fed from what we're going to do is
there's going to be a column for the
pergola that comes up right behind the
grotto inside the home we're going to
run our water feeds they won't see any
plumbing capstone and they're going to
be suctioned together with a bunch of
order so it's going to give extra
strength to this top just to make sure
it's even stronger number 5 free bar all
over the back strength go then up on top
of the two pillars over behind me with
the crane and order them down onto the
pillars set this rock tomorrow and then
cap it with that rock in the grotto is
done so our first concrete pour was
actually shooting the shell now we are
going to be pouring on footers here for
the columns right now they're just doing
the finishing touches on the stuff
forming and the bridge and then once
that's done we'll have a nice way to
come across the pool back to the house
our third poor is going to be the
footers for the pergola that goes across
the whole back side of this pool now
Chris is over here we get the Porsche
I'll chop but nothing's exactly
perfectly level so we shoot elevations
put up this maze tonight and we get the
top of the pool shell perfectly level
for our coping so that's that's the next
stage here
you